Docs: Initial Sphinx add (#3)
cobbler/libcobblersignatures: docs/json-specification.rst

************************************
Specification of ``signatures.json``
************************************

Goal
####

> This file should be the data which is used by a program to detect with a general algorithm which operating system an iso
> image is handed to the program. This specification should not limit itself to one operating system but if this is not
> possible then we shall focus on Linux and it's Distributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file should contain the data which is used by a program to recognize with a general algorithm which operating system an ISO
image passes to the program. This specification should not be limited to one operating system. If that is not
possible, we shall focus on Linux and its distributions.
```

File structure
##############

> The file should be a single JSON Object which has a single key with the name `breeds`. This key should contain a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file should be a single JSON object which has a single key with the name `breeds`. This key should contain a single
```

sub-object with key-value pairs for each operating system group.

Currently the following operating system groups are existing:

- redhat
- debian
- ubuntu
- suse
- vmware
- freebsd
- xen
- unix
- windows
- powerkvm
- generic

This list should be modified when new groups are added, removed or changed when changed in the JSON.

> Each of these operating system groups has a key for each version of it. The key should be in lowercase and should have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these operating system groups have a key for each version of it. The key should be in lowercase and should have
```

> a version suffix. The name of the key should be unique across the distribution section.
> 
> The Key contains an object which has the following keys (type included):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a version suffix. The name of the key should be unique across the distribution section and
contains an object which has the following keys (type included):
```
Maybe this could be simplified even more. The object in the key which has keys itself is a little bit confusing.
